[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure
that the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he stood
upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER]
You want my treasure?
You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR] Now, those who dare
to dream hoist their flags
and sail into the
Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR] After a deadly
struggle on Fishman Island,
the Straw Hats have finally
arrived in the New World,
where they immediately
come face-to-face with
the treacherous
weather conditions
of the Maubeugemour Sea.
[CHOPPER]
What's with this weather?
[NAMI] Maubeugemour Sea
always has bad weather!
"Meat galore"?
No, "Maubeugemour"!
Also called
"The Ill-Tempered Sea"!
This place has every
kind of terrible weather
you can think of, and even a few
you'd never know existed at all!
Chopper...
[NARRATOR]
There, they met Lily,
a young Giant girl who
ate the Mini-Mini Fruit,
and agreed to help
save her father,
the legendary chef
known as Panz Fry,
from the Navy.
But I have to save Dad!
And I'll do whatever it takes!
If they take him to Impel Down,
I'll probably never
see him again!
Catching that Navy ship
is my only chance!
[LUFFY]
Lily.
I wanna help save your dad!
If he's the only one
who can cook like that,
then we have to get him out
so I can try it, right?
[NARRATOR] However, a mysterious
group called the Neo Navy
hopes to catch the
giant and kill him.
There's my dad!
[SHUZO laughs]
Just consider this our
way of saying hello.
Bring us up! Quickly!
Let's finish them.
[NEO MARINES]
Sir!
[NARRATOR]
With the Straw Hats, the Navy,
and the Neo Navy all intent
on apprehending
Panz Fry, all three parties
were soon locked
in a vicious battle.
Uh-oh, here it comes!
Gum-Gum... Balloon!
[SHUZO]
Move aside!
--It's a dude?
--[SHUZO yells]
[LUFFY grunts]
[LUFFY yells]
[MOMONGA]
This is a Navy ship.
I won't let you do
as you please!
I will try that volcano cooking!
No matter what!
[LUFFY]
"Z's Ambition!
A Great and Desperate
Escape Plan!"
[PANZ]
Huh?
[MARINES yelling]
Storm the ship!
[NEO MARINES yelling]
Not today!
[MARINES yelling]
Kill every pirate you see!
[ALPACACINO bleats]
[SHUZO laughing]
So you've got a bounty.
Are you a pirate as well?
Yeah.
[SHUZO]
Well, in that case...
I'll send you both to hell!
Leave this guy to me.
[SHUZO grunts]
Now. Second Gear!
[SHUZO laughs]
[LUFFY]
Eat this!
Gum-Gum Jet Gatling!
Iron Body!
[LUFFY gasps]
[SHUZO]
Heh. Interesting trick.
You ate a Devil Fruit, I see.
What's it to you?
Well, whatever that was, pirate,
it can't break through
my Iron Body, I'm afraid!
Oh, yeah?
[SHUZO laughs]
I told you,
this is a Navy vessel!
Get off my ship!
[ZORO grunts]
Roronoa Zoro!
That's my name.
You ready to pick up
where we left off?
[NEO MARINES yell]
[NEO MARINE A]
Let's go! Take no prisoners!
[SANJI]
Party Table Kick Course!
[NEO MARINES yell]
[NEO MARINE A]
Prepare to fire!
Something tells me
they won't miss.
Dad, no!
[ROBIN]
Treinta Fleurs. Strangle!
[NEO MARINES yell]
Nice, Robin!
How odd.
Are they with the Navy?
Oh, come on!
This just keeps getting more
and more complicated.
What's the plan, Nami?
[NAMI]
Would you hush? Look!
I need to figure out a way
to get Lily's dad back
without getting anyone killed,
so I suggest you don't rush me!
[NAMI]
Huh?
What? No way.
That's the Thrust Up Stream!
[SHUZO growling]
Damn you! Gum-Gum...
[SHUZO laughs]
[BROOK gasps]
Both Luffy and Zoro
are on their guard.
Those two must
be quite powerful.
Get lost, ghost head!
[BROOK gasps]
Excuse you!
Just because I'm
a disembodied spirit
doesn't mean
I don't have feelings,
and I certainly don't
appreciate being shot at!
[yelling]
[NAMI]
That's it, all right.
Ugh! Bad timing!
[FRANKY]
Sorry I'm late! Ready?
[NAMI]
It's complicated, Franky!
There's about to be
another weather change!
We have to move!
For real?
You guys. Listen up!
The Thrust Up Stream
is coming any minute now!
The Thrust Up Stream?
Sounds deadly.
[USOPP]
Uh-oh.
Please tell me it's not like
the Knock Up Stream
we rode up to Sky Island,
because that thing was scary!
[NAMI]
It is.
Although it's not quite
that big, at least.
Good to hear.
But still, it could blow
one of those ships
clean away!
[CHOPPER, USOPP]
What?!
[NAMI] The worst part is,
once it starts,
we'll have no way of
knowing where it'll pop up!
You guys need to get
back to the Sunny right now!
[CHOPPER, USOPP]
Don't have to tell us twice!
[SHUZO grunting]
Have some of this!
Armament Hardening!
Now, Gum-Gum...
When are you gonna learn?
...Jet Bazooka!
Haki? Well now.
[ZORO]
One-Sword Style!
Three-sixty Caliber Phoenix!
[MOMONGA grunts]
[BROOK]
Yo ho! Yo ho ho ho ho!
Hey, Franky! Let 'em fly!
Gotcha!
You're in for it now, brat!
You've got some nerve,
don't you?
Right back atcha.
[NAMI]
Sanji! Lily!
Yes, darling?
You must be worried
sick about me!
[NAMI]
No time for that!
There's a powerful
stream about to erupt
and we don't even know where!
Oh, crap.
[NAMI] Are the anchors
secured to the raft?
Yeah!
[NAMI]
Okay, then go back to the Sunny
so we can get out of here!
On our way!
[MARINES yell]
[NAMI gasps]
What the hell was that?
[LUFFY grunts]
[SANJI]
Change of plans, you two!
Let's get Lily's dad and Coup
de Burst out of this mess!
[LUFFY]
Sure! Let's go!
I don't think so!
[MOMONGA]
You're mine!
[USOPP yelling]
We're too late!
[CHOPPER gasps]
Are they trapped in there?
[SHUZO laughs]
[LUFFY]
Outta my way!
[GROUP gasps]
[USOPP]
I... I... I'm still alive!
[FRANKY] Yo! Super glad
you made it back, bro!
[CHOPPER]
Yeah, ditto!
[SHUZO laughs]
Franky!
It's time for that
Coup de Burst!
Yeah, sorry,
that's not gonna happen.
Huh? Why not?
I didn't notice it before,
but that raft
is way too big
for that plan to work.
Well that's no good.
Argh, think, Nami, think.
Okay! Here's an idea.
[GROUP]
Huh?
You think we can use
the force of the
Thrust Up Stream
to catapult us to safety?
No way!
Sorry! Do you guys
have a better idea?
No, not really.
But you don't know when
or where it's gonna--
Save it!
Sanji. The anchors
are all locked in?
[SANJI]
Yup!
Good, then get ready
to hold on tight.
You'll have to fly on that raft!
[MARINES yell]
[USOPP]
Wow!
It wasn't in the
right spot though!
Nope. Just wait.
Hey, uh, should we...?
A little longer.
Not yet.
Wait.
Now! Go for it!
Chicken Voyage time!
Now Coup de Burst! Go!
Luffy!
What the--?!
Get back here, you punk!
[NAMI]
Good job, guys, we did it!
[GROUP]
All right!
[LUFFY chuckles]
I can almost taste that
volcano cooking now!
[BROOK]
Yo ho ho ho!
Um... Uh, you didn't
forget me, did you?
So we've lost Panz Fry.
[SHUZO laughs]
Unlike you simpletons,
the Neo Navy
never loses its prey.
Now you know our secret--
our prey is you.
Goodbye!
[SHUZO]
Die!
[MARINES yell]
I didn't expect to waste
so much time here.
Don't let them escape.
[SHUZO yells]
[SHUZO grunts]
[NEO MARINE A]
What a battle!
They've been going at it
for five hours now.
[NEO MARINE B]
They're equal!
[NEO MARINE C] No, Shuzo
has the advantage here.
[SHUZO] Looks like she's
finally wearing down.
Ha!
I know it hurts.
Let me put you
out of your misery!
[SHUZO yells]
I missed her!
I'll get it this time for sure.
What?
You have a Devil Fruit power?
[Z]
It's over. Ain is victorious.
[SHUZO] After her Devil Fruit
ability won her that
practice match,
Ain became Master Z's
personal aide,
and I was tasked with leading
this damn flying squad.
But soon, everyone will realize
that I'm the only one
who deserves to be the
master's right-hand man!
[SHUZO laughing]
[NAMI]
Okay, everyone,
we're finally out of
the Maubeugemour Sea.
The weather's so different here.
Much less crazy.
It's quiet too.
Yeah, I think we're
out of the woods now!
There's nobody chasing
us for once.
No surprise there!
That was an extra
heavy-duty Coup de Burst.
Nobody could keep up with that,
no matter how souped-up
their vessel is!
In that case, we should be
safe to catch our breath
behind these reefs for a while.
I'm sure we could
all use a break.
Well, Chopper,
how's he holding up?
This head wound is pretty deep,
but with some rest
I think he'll be okay.
Maybe three days?
That's wonderful!
Thanks a lot!
You're a great doctor!
[CHOPPER] Heh...
If you think you can flatter me,
you got another thing
coming, little big lady!
[LUFFY] I'm just glad
you're alive, pops.
So, could you go ahead
and cook us up something?
Like now?
What is wrong with you?!
[LILY]
Huh?
[BROOK]
Yo ho ho ho ho!
What? It's fine.
Chopper says he's okay, so--
[CHOPPER]
That's not what I said, Luffy,
you weren't listening!
I said he'd be okay
after some rest!
But... volcano cooking.
Ugh! Listen, you big pig!
Even if he did feel like
making something for you,
there's still one
little problem.
We have no food to cook!
Oh! We have plenty
of food, actually!
Really? Where?
I don't see it!
[LILY]
Look! It's on those rocks!
[BROOK]
Oh, when did that get there?
When that warship
got blown away,
the rations they were
carrying started falling
from the sky!
So I decided to grab some!
Couldn't let it go
to waste, right?
Ha! Nice going, Lily!
During all that fighting?
We coulda used
some help, you know.
Oh, that's true!
You guys and my dad
could have gotten killed,
and I was worried
about the food!
Well, there's alcohol too.
Oh, that's okay.
[CHOPPER]
Zoro!
[BROOK]
Yo ho ho ho ho!
[stomach growls]
Okay.
We've got food
and he's not dead.
He should have
everything he needs
to make us dinner.
[CHOPPER, SANJI]
Just forget it!
Let me cook--
[rumbling]
[CHOPPER]
Hey, sit down!
I told you to get some rest!
[PANZ grunts]
No. No.
It's not too strenuous.
I'll be all right.
[LILY]
Dad!
You need to do what
Chopper tells you!
Luffy.
I believe that was
your name, wasn't it?
Uh-huh!
And one day it'll be
"King of the Pirates"!
[PANZ laughs]
Careful!
[PANZ]
Lily, listen to me.
Okay.
Luffy desperately wants
some volcano cooking,
and that's something
that only I can prepare.
And for a cook like me,
there's no greater honor.
Yeah. I guess that makes sense,
but if you're
not feeling well...
Besides, you and I
might've lost our lives
if not for Luffy
and his friends.
And if I allow kindness
like that to go unrepaid,
that's against my code
as a cook and a giant!
Oh, Dad!
Now, if someone could bring
those ingredients over,
I'll get started.
This will be a meal
you won't soon forget!
[LUFFY]
Really? Thanks a lot, food guy!
I can't wait!
No, I'm the one who
should be thanking you.
I'm in your debt.
So thank you.
[LUFFY, LILY chuckle]
[SANJI]
I'll make something too!
Whatever the lady would like!
[LUFFY]
Right, I'll help you out!
I can carry the bags over!
[BROOK]
Me too!
[ZORO]
Don't forget the booze.
Good. Could you go lend
them a hand too, Lily?
Mm-hmm! Leave it to me!
[NEO MARINES]
Huh?
Shuzo, sir!
I've located the
Straw Hat Pirates.
It seems that they're all hiding
out on the other side
of that reef.
Those cowards!
I want all ships on
the attack, right now!
We'll tear the whole reef
apart along with them!
[NEO MARINE A]
I-I'm sorry, sir, but we used up
all of our torpedoes
in the last confrontation.
We're almost out
of bombshells too.
I see. Then we'll--
[NEO MARINE C]
We can use this submersible.
[NEO MARINE A]
Uh... Use it how?
Instead of a torpedo!
We have to!
After all...
We are the Neo Navy.
We can't give up!
Trusting you and Master Z
has gotten us this far.
Why stop now?
Please, Shuzo, we want
to fight those pirates
alongside you!
So do I!
And me!
Me too!
I admire your spirit, soldiers.
I won't soon forget that.
Now fight to your hearts'
content, for the proud Neo Navy!
[NEO MARINES yell]
[SHUZO] Hit them with
everything we've got!
And this time...
I won't let you get away!
Filthy pirates!
[NARRATOR] After the Neo Navy's
surprise attack,
Luffy and Shuzo begin a
one-on-one showdown.
As their back-and-forth
struggle continues to rage,
Shuzo unexpectedly unleashes a
devastating secret weapon.
Then, while the Straw Hats are
still reeling from the shock,
the tiny Lily makes a desperate
but courageous move.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece:
"Z's Ambition!
Luffy VS. Shuzo!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!